Hawawshi was born in Cairo
It was invented by a butcher in Al-Tawfiqiya market whose name was Ahmed El-Hawawsh
This was in in 1971
Al-Hawawsh would season minced meat and onions inside baladi bread
He would then put those inside an oven
The meat would cook, and the bread would brown in fat
Hawawshi made its way to the Delta and was known there
And Al-Aziziya village in Minya Al-Qamh, Sharqiya, became known for its Hawawshi
Hawawshi's most basic form is meat cooked inside bread
This is present in many cultures, like burgers in the US and dumplings in East Asia
And now we see upgrades to the recipe
Like chicken hawawshi and shrimp hawawshi
And see new additions to the original recipe
Like cheese and vegetables
And the world of hawawshi has many stars
Like Al-Rifaie in Abdeen
Where did you have your favorite Hawawshi?
Tell is in the comments
And don't forget to like and subscribe
for more from D-Tabkha